# PythonProjects
A collection of various Python 3.x projects and scripts for various tasks.

-----
## Short Scripts
Standalone scripts for simplifying and automating various tasks:

[6TFC.py](./6TFC.py) - A calculator for the six basic Trigonometric Functions given input on the three sides of a theoretical triangle. 

[DiceRollingGame.py](./DiceRollingGame.py) - A simple CLI based Dice Rolling Game in which the user has to guess the random number that was generated by the program. 

[DogAgeCalc.py](./DogAgeCalc.py) - Determines a user's dog's age by taking in the dog's age and size, then determines the age based on a set of corresponding ages. The limit for the dog's age is 16.

[GCD-LCM_Calc.py](./GCD-LCM_Calc.py) - Initially a proof for programming the same program in Java for a Computer Science lab, this program takes in two numbers from a user and then calculates the Greatest Common Denominator (GCD) and Lowest Common Multiple (LCM).

[HW-Question-Count.py](.HW-Question-Count.py) - Counts how many questions of homework a user must complete using a variety of methods to count questions based on ranges. Such as evens/odds, every other odd/even, and also allows for a manual input of how many questions should be added to the total.

[Hash_Checker.py](./Hash_Checker.py) - Compares two hashes to see if they match exactly in lowercase form. 

## Small Projects
A series of small projects for various certain tasks.

### 1. Basic Geometry Calculator
Allows for the calculation of various simple Geometric measurements.

### 2. Physics_VADT Calculator
Calculates a variety of Physics problems.
